README.md, before:

# iDEAL plugin for Prestashop 1.6

## Usage
Use this plugin to add support for iDEAL, Bancontact, Sofort, Credit Cards and other payment methods of 
TargetPay.com to your webstore. 

## Installation

### 1. Set up a TargetPay account
Before you can use the plugin, please sign up for a TargetPay account on www.targetpay.com

Use our promotional code YM3R2A for a special discount on the transaction costs. 
Currently iDEAL is offered for 44 eurocent per transaction, all inclusive without monthly or setup fees.

Note that the plugin can be used in a live environment only after it has been completed with your details and
is approved by their compliance department. This would normally take about one working day.

### 2. Download or clone this repository

We recommend cloning the repository so you can easily get updates. 

### 3. Setting up

Check out the specific installation instructions and tips on https://www.idealplugins.nl/prestashop1.6#tab_install

## Troubleshooting

Please see the FAQ on https://www.idealplugins.nl/prestashop1.6#tab_help

Commit message:

version DW-1.0.1, complete rewrite of the plugin for Digiwallet support and all paymethods and features that it offers

README.md, after:

# iDEAL plugin for Prestashop 1.6

## Usage
Use this plugin to add support for iDEAL, Mister Cash, Sofort and other payment methods of 
TargetPay.com and Digiwallet.nl to your webstore. 

## Supported Paymethods
| Paymethod	|   supported	| 
|-------------	|---	|
| iDEAL	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Bancontact	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Creditcard	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Paysafecard	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Sofort	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Paypal	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Afterpay	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Bankwire	|:heavy_check_mark:	|
| Refund Creation	|:heavy_check_mark:	|

## Installation

### 1. Set up a Digiwallet account
Before you can use the plugin, please sign up for a Digiwallet account on www.digiwallet.nl

Note that the plugin can be used in a live environment only after it has been completed with your details and
is approved by their compliance department. This would normally take about one working day. 

You can obtain a personalized version of the plugin on https://www.idealplugins.nl/

### 2. Download or clone this repository

We recommend cloning the repository so you can easily get updates. 

### 3. Setting up

Check out the specific installation instructions and tips on https://www.idealplugins.nl/plugin/prestashop1.6#install

## Upgrading from an older version of this plugin

Since we did a complete rebuild of the plugin it is recommended to do a clean install of the plugin when comming from a version without a DW prefix.

## Troubleshooting

Please see the FAQ on https://www.idealplugins.nl/plugin/prestashop1.6#help

## Prestashop 1.7
If you use Prestashop 1.7 or above, please check out our plugin for that version: https://github.com/idealplugins/prestashop1.7
